choose the language:(1 for English,2 for Chinese)
press 1 to begin the game
login(1) or create(2)
choose a number to login
welcome back,
the number or the password is wrong,please try again
choose a number to create(choose 0 to cancel)
it is canceled...
set the password
save file created successfully!
this number is already appeared,please change your number
this number is not in the list
show the password
the number is unappeared,please create it or try another one
if you want to continue,please press 1
Now you have:
hp
xp
level
candy
hp+ each day
Get into a random conversation(1) or try one candy(2)
You Upgrade
Level
s
!
You Died!
You lose 
You get 
and lose
and get
set the name:
and 
 hp.
 xp.
 candy.
1
You have hp:
You have xp:
(Yes:1,No:0)
(Carefully:1,A little:0)
(Yes:1,No:0,Run:2)
Nothing else happens.
Nothing else happens...
If you want to exit,press 0
now you are in the administrator mod...
choose a number to change,or press '0' to exit
press any key to exit...
choose to delete(0),change the password(1),change the hp(2),change the xp(3),change the lv(4),change the cd(5) or change the hup(6)
successful to delete
set the new password(6 words)
successful to change
change it into:
if you want to continue,tell the password again,or press 0 to exit
Now you have candy:
You feel very comfortable.And in the same time,your body become stronger.
You feel very uncomfortable!This candy is a bad one!
You feel very sweet,and not any more special feelings.
You have no candy.Please try to get more
candies
Nothing happens...But you walk into a deep hole.
You fall into a lake and meet a monster of level:
You win it and get some xp.
You are lost,and you get little xp.
You meet an old man.He asks you:
Do you want to buy this book?
You read and understand this book successfully,and you get much xp.
This book is similar to you!You are mixed,and...you get big hurt!
You cannot understand this book,and nothing else happens.
Can you fight with me for fun?
You win.The old man is very happy,and he gives you a notebook.You learn a lot from it.
You are lost.The old man laughes,and he tells you it is very common to be lost.But you do not feel much better.
Is it your thing?
The old man take the thing into his clothes.He says:It is my thing.You lied.
The old man gives you the axe.He says:Please do not let your things lost.Remember!
When you are walking through the forest,you find a
 monster.
Will you fight with it?
You win,and you get some xp.
You are lost,and you get hurt.
 peach with a good smell.
Will you eat it?
This is a trap!You have been poisoned!
It tastes good and your body become stronger.
 human who is in such a pain.
Can you help him?
You get into a trouble!He is faking it.When you are getting near him,he suddenly wake up and hit you!
You hit him back successfully.He runs away.
He hits you hard,and steals some of your money.
This man is very thankful to you.He give you something as the gift.
 tree which wood is very good for your body while you taking breaks.
Do you cut it down?
Oh,the tree is a monster...You have to fight with it!
You win,and you get much xp from it.
You lost.The monster gets some of your spirit.You become very weak.
You cut down the tree smoothly.
 butterfly flying in the sky,and it seems letting you go with it.
You seem only look at the butterfly,and do not notice the big hole under your feet...
The butterfly leads you to a good place to practice your skills.
When you are practicing your skills,you meet a child.He says:
Can you help me solve this problem?
You solve this,and the child is so happy that he gives you some special candies.
You can not solve this either.The child is unhappy,and you,too.
Can I be your student?
Your skills are great to the child.Both you are happy,so the child give you some candies as the gift of learning from you.
You realize that this kid is even stronger than you...
May I send this poor cat to you?
Although you try your best to save this cat,it dies no long goes.Both you are sad.
You save the cat successfully.You are very happy.The child gives you some candies to show his happiness.
When you are fishing,
you find a box floating on the water.Do you open it?
You find a book in it.After reading it,you feel that your body is full of enegry.
You find a ghost in it!It gets some of your spirit!
you feel that a big fish is on the hook.Will you try to get it?
You pull it out,but...It is a leather boot.
You pull the big fish out successfully,and after eating it,you become much stronger.
You are failed to catch it,and you fall into the water.
you meet a child shouting 'help' in the water.Do you save him?
You save the child successflly,and you get some candy from the child.
You touch him,but you can't save him successfully.
Oh,no!The water is dangerous to you too!You get hurt!
it rains.Do you want to continue fishing?
Suddenly,a monster appears in the thunderstorm.It runs so fast that you have to face it.
You win it.After this,you get much xp.
You are lost.After this,you get big hurt.
In the storm,you get something,but you may lose something,too.
You have a cold after this.But you also get some xp.
You finish this trip smoothly.
On the way home,you fall into a hole.But lukily,you find a box that some candy in it.
a frog appears.You find that this frog is a frog with golden light.Will you catch it?
When you are getting near to it,it jumps away suddenly.It scares you so much that you fall down and eat a mouthful of mud.
You catch it smoothly and quikely.You find that you can get much xp by only staying beside of it.
A heavy storm breaks your house.How will you fix it?
Now you find a special grass that good for you while cleaning the rubbish from the broken house.Will you pick it up?
You pick it up and nothing else happens.You eat it,and get much better.
You pick it up,but you find that it is a bad one.
You find that it is only a common grass with some blue and red things...
When you are cleaning the broken house,the wood reminds you that you might use some good woods to build the house.Will you use them again?
You find that the wood is very special to you.It helps you a lot while living in the house that uses a piece of this wood.
Yeah it is a good wood,but now it turns bad...
Oh,you are wrong.It is just a common wood.
You find a candy that you have never seen.Will you try it?
You find that it is only a stone.
You find that it is a real candy...
You meet a fairy.You are so lucky!And you get many things from him.
You get 300 hp,3000 xp and 30 candy.
You meet a thieve who is stealing things from others' house.But you are surprised that he asks you if you can do it with him.
You steal something from this house successfully.
Someone finds you.Will you fight with this thieve?
The thieve betray you!He hits you too,and you get big hurt!
You win.You get more things from the man who finds you.
You lost.You are hurt by this man and people who this man calls.
You are failed to run away.You are caught to this house's owner.
You run away successfully.
You hit the thieve away successfully.
You are lost.The thieve hits you hard and steal some of your things.
You meet a beautiful woman who is doing chores.She says:Can you help me with this?I can't pull it up.
You pull up that successfully.The woman let a child give you some candy.
You can't pull up that either.You are unhappy.
You meet a man who is reading a book.He asks:Do you want to read it with me?
This man is a bad man...While you are reading this book carefully,he hits you hard and get some of your things.
You read this book happily,and you learn much from the book and the man.
You read this book happily,but...You can't understand it,and the man laughs at you.